site/content/en/_index.md, before:

---
title: Bogital Cameroon
subtitle: Websites and mobile applications development
image: /img/home-jumbotron.jpg
blurb:
    heading: Why Kaldi?
    text: "Kaldi is the coffee store for everyone who believes that great coffee shouldn't just taste good, it should do good too. We source all of our beans directly from small scale sustainable farmers and make sure part of the profits are reinvested in their communities."
intro:
    heading: "What we offer"
    text: "Kaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn about their java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. We take coffee production, roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that knowledge to anyone."
products:
    - image: img/illustrations-coffee.svg
      text: "We sell green and roasted coffee beans that are sourced directly from independent farmers and farm cooperatives. We’re proud to offer a variety of coffee beans grown with great care for the environment and local communities. Check our post or contact us directly for current availability."
    - image: /img/illustrations-coffee-gear.svg
      text: "We offer a small, but carefully curated selection of brewing gear and tools for every taste and experience level. No matter if you roast your own beans or just bought your first french press, you’ll find a gadget to fall in love with in our shop."
values:
    heading: Our values
    text: Coffee is an amazing part of human culture but it has a dark side too – one of colonialism and mindless abuse of natural resources and human lives. We want to turn this around and return the coffee trade to the drink’s exhilarating, empowering and unifying nature.
services:
  - imageURL: /img/fa-html5.svg
    title: Responsive Web Design
    description: Your page scales up or down depending if you view your website on a small smartphone, tablet or desktop combuter. This will contribute greatly in enhancing user experience and SEO.
  - imageURL: /img/fa-mobile-phone.svg
    title: Mobile Application development
    description: We use top notch no...... technologies to develop mordern mobile applications accross ios and android
  - imageURL: /img/fa-wordpress.svg
    title: Wordpress Development
    description: We develop custom wordpress websites and themes. Wordpress is the go to solution that we use in yneka when it comes to developing a blog Like our blog.
  - imageURL: /img/fa-globe.svg
    title: SEO
    description: We build SEO frendly websites scoring atleast 99.99% on page test. This will help rank Your website on search engines like google and bing.
work:
    - image: /img/home-jumbotron.jpg
      title: "Project 1"
      excerpt: "This is a responsive website project"
    - image: /img/home-jumbotron.jpg
      title: "Project 1"
      excerpt: "This is a responsive website project"
    - image: /img/home-jumbotron.jpg
      title: "Project 1"
      excerpt: "This is a responsive website project"
    - image: /img/home-jumbotron.jpg
      title: "Project 1"
      excerpt: "This is a responsive website project"
contact:
    labels:
        name: Name
        email: Email
        phone: Phone
        businessName: Business Name
        service: Select Service
        object: Object
        message: Message
faq:
  - title: How much wil it cost me?
    description: Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis
                  neque, bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure
                  reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque, bibendum in
                  sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem
                  ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem
                  velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,
                  bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe
                  nderit.
  - title: What are your payment terms?
    description: Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis
                  neque, bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure
                  reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque, bibendum in
                  sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem
                  ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem
                  velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,
                  bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe
                  nderit.
  - title: Who can use Manage Booking?
    description: Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis
                  neque, bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure
                  reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque, bibendum in
                  sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem
                  ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem
                  velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,
                  bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe
                  nderit.
  - title: Can multiple Debit / Credit cards be used on Manage Booking?
    description: Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis
                  neque, bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure
                  reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque, bibendum in
                  sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem
                  ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem
                  velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,
                  bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe
                  nderit.
  - title: Which bookings can I use to access the Manage Booking facility?
    description: Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis
                  neque, bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure
                  reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque, bibendum in
                  sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem
                  ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem
                  velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,
                  bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe
                  nderit.
---

Commit message:

Added new "process partial" to home page

site/content/en/_index.md, after:

---
title: Bogital Cameroon
subtitle: Websites and mobile applications development
image: /img/home-jumbotron.jpg
blurb:
    heading: Why Kaldi?
    text: "Kaldi is the coffee store for everyone who believes that great coffee shouldn't just taste good, it should do good too. We source all of our beans directly from small scale sustainable farmers and make sure part of the profits are reinvested in their communities."
intro:
    heading: "What we offer"
    text: "Kaldi is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to learn about their java’s origin and support the farmers that grew it. We take coffee production, roasting and brewing seriously and we’re glad to pass that knowledge to anyone."
products:
    - image: img/illustrations-coffee.svg
      text: "We sell green and roasted coffee beans that are sourced directly from independent farmers and farm cooperatives. We’re proud to offer a variety of coffee beans grown with great care for the environment and local communities. Check our post or contact us directly for current availability."
    - image: /img/illustrations-coffee-gear.svg
      text: "We offer a small, but carefully curated selection of brewing gear and tools for every taste and experience level. No matter if you roast your own beans or just bought your first french press, you’ll find a gadget to fall in love with in our shop."
values:
    heading: Our values
    text: Coffee is an amazing part of human culture but it has a dark side too – one of colonialism and mindless abuse of natural resources and human lives. We want to turn this around and return the coffee trade to the drink’s exhilarating, empowering and unifying nature.
services:
  - imageURL: /img/fa-html5.svg
    title: Responsive Web Design
    description: Your page scales up or down depending if you view your website on a small smartphone, tablet or desktop combuter. This will contribute greatly in enhancing user experience and SEO.
  - imageURL: /img/fa-mobile-phone.svg
    title: Mobile Application development
    description: We use top notch no...... technologies to develop mordern mobile applications accross ios and android
  - imageURL: /img/fa-wordpress.svg
    title: Wordpress Development
    description: We develop custom wordpress websites and themes. Wordpress is the go to solution that we use in yneka when it comes to developing a blog Like our blog.
  - imageURL: /img/fa-globe.svg
    title: SEO
    description: We build SEO frendly websites scoring atleast 99.99% on page test. This will help rank Your website on search engines like google and bing.
work:
    - image: /img/home-jumbotron.jpg
      title: "Project 1"
      excerpt: "This is a responsive website project"
    - image: /img/home-jumbotron.jpg
      title: "Project 1"
      excerpt: "This is a responsive website project"
    - image: /img/home-jumbotron.jpg
      title: "Project 1"
      excerpt: "This is a responsive website project"
    - image: /img/home-jumbotron.jpg
      title: "Project 1"
      excerpt: "This is a responsive website project"
contact:
    labels:
        name: Name
        email: Email
        phone: Phone
        businessName: Business Name
        service: Select Service
        object: Object
        message: Message
process:
  - title: Project Analysis
    description:  The first step of every project. We will analyse your project to choose the best technology stack to work with. This will often take a maximun of 3 days.
  - title: Prototyping
    description: After analysing the project, we will produce a prototype of the project that will be validated by the client before we go futher. Prototyping can take up to two weeks to complete.
  - title: Coding
    description: Our favorite part, At this point, we will code your website/application to life. This part could take up to two weeks depending on the size of the project.
  - title: Content Creation
    description: At this point, we will create SEO ready content for your website/application. Here we will need all the documentation the client can provide to us.
  - title: Quality Check
    description: This is a critical step of our work. The whole project is thouroughly reviewed before deployment.
  - title: Deployment
    description: Horraay. Your project is now available to the public.
faq:
  - title: How much wil it cost me?
    description: Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis
                  neque, bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure
                  reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque, bibendum in
                  sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem
                  ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem
                  velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,
                  bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe
                  nderit.
  - title: What are your payment terms?
    description: Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis
                  neque, bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure
                  reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque, bibendum in
                  sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem
                  ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem
                  velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,
                  bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe
                  nderit.
  - title: Who can use Manage Booking?
    description: Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis
                  neque, bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure
                  reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque, bibendum in
                  sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem
                  ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem
                  velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,
                  bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe
                  nderit.
  - title: Can multiple Debit / Credit cards be used on Manage Booking?
    description: Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis
                  neque, bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure
                  reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque, bibendum in
                  sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem
                  ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem
                  velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,
                  bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe
                  nderit.
  - title: Which bookings can I use to access the Manage Booking facility?
    description: Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis
                  neque, bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure
                  reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque, bibendum in
                  sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem
                  ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem
                  velum iure reprehe nderit. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipis neque,
                  bibendum in sagittis. Duis varius tellus eget massa. Quis autem velum iure reprehe
                  nderit.
---
